hi there question was asked about laughs
looking how do I start often when months
have never done lat booking or
notebooking they're a little intimidated
and I felt the same way when I started I
am by no means a guru online booking a
matter of fact I just started this year
but maybe a few of these tip might help
you out I usually start with the topic
that I want the kids to cover for
example right now we are still going
through the states we are on North
Carolina so we're going to park there
for a while because that's our home
state so what I do first is I go around
to some websites I'll leave those up for
you on here on the side so you can check
out the websites that I check out that I
look for someone who's already done a
lab book on the topic on the setting
that really helps out if I cannot find
one that's already designed so I just
printed out the next thing I do is I go
ahead and I look for my own resources
I'll check out books from the library
look on the internet look for pictures
take my own pictures do some traveling
or or whatever we found our own
resources and then we start the research
and I know that sounds really huge for
young children but really it can be as
simple as this sitting down reading a
book together and
to discovery work or doing some projects
as kind of things and then what I do is
I look for questions that I want to be
answered and every time you have a
question you have a new mini book and
what I mean by that is for example if we
are studying turtles what i would do is
a question would be where do they live
what is their habitat like and that's a
mini book in its in its own so my kids
would have to make a mini book on what
what their habitat is like I really try
to plan my mini books kind of according
to what I want in the lat look
and when I when I get them when they
make that many books we really keep them
like in a folder or a ziploc zip that
gallon-sized ziplocks seems to work out
really well and after I get all the many
books together we plan the layout of the
book now right now i do more of the
layout for the lat books my kids don't
enjoy it quite as much as long as they
have some say-so in it i try to fit it
in the lap book now sometimes my son
will just jump in and say i want to do
it so when he does that by all means i
letting dip but it's really not the
layout though that i'm interested in
teaching them to do is it's mainly the
research and the combining of all the
ideas into one place so we lay out the
many books in the folders or notebooks
depending on which design we decide to
do and then we start decorating we can
add pictures sticker
drawing anything that we want we stick
it in there but that's the part my kids
do a lot of really back off on that on
one of the websites they may be
suggested now I haven't done this yet
but I really need to start doing this to
date the back of it and give the
information of the child who did the lab
book their age those kind of things and
then also tell what resources you used
on the back of the lat book so if you
need to look those resources up again
they to find a book in the library you
know exactly which one you were looking
for
need to go back to that room to that
retro I hope this helps just a little
bit made a wonderful new discovery on a
website it to discover America
state-by-state series and of course
since we're going through the state's
this is going to be absolutely lovely it
takes you through these books that are
written by Carol crane and through these
books it kind of gives you an overview
of the states and when you go on this
website I've shorten the URL for you
I've put it on discover America not long
com that'll take you to their website
because their website has a really long
URL but then it has a teacher's guide
with all these lovely handout states
that go along with these books and of
course I will probably turn this into a
lapbook now it also has a lot of
projects obviously we can't put projects
inside our lab book but we can take
pictures of our projects and put that
inside our lab book and also we can
enjoy learning about the states as it's
all kind of combined so I hope this
helps someone Oh what's going on at the
wound house mud mud and more mud we are
adding on to our house yes that is very
hard to squeeze five people into a
little beauty house with only one
bathroom so we are adding on just a
little bit and to go with it we've got
all this mud so and in the midst of all
this our church is having week-long
revival services so and winding up the
school year and the homeschool groove
for the year and who got kind of a busy
busy life right now so that hopefully
I'll still be able to post videos every
time
you